Captain Jiang heard that you went to the arena last night
Are you okay bro?
I'm not okay?
There were small forces roaming outside the camp last night
I went to deal with it and couldn't make it back.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay, it's all brothers.
Don't be so polite.
Zhao Yang, I was just looking for you
I need that map on you
Captain Jiang, how did you know I had a map on me?
I can't explain it to you yet.
This is something I drew recently.
Detailed five-character map within a 10-kilometer radius
It's great to use it
OK
What should I do? This place is empty.
No one.
What's wrong? That's not good.
Do you want to meet mutants?
Most of the residents here have entered the camp
So there are no mutants.
But it is not ruled out that there is a possibility
So be careful.
Oh look
Xiao Qi I Zhao
It's okay, I'll be back when I go.
Who?
Grandpa me